human > Foundation Prompt > BUILD_GUIDE > RULES > UI > PLAYBOOK.
Davidov Curicullum

ADMIN / PRESENTER MODULE:

Setting up the meet:
Date details
venue; 9preset options [drop down meny]
Presenter Name: [Name Field]


input rows and columns

1,2,3, stands for rows
i,ii, iii stands for columns

1. Attendee Information

i)Attende/Member choice

(Members are frequent goers to bbb the presenter will have the option to add them in. Each member will have their own unique Id)
But in the menu where the presenter module is adding a Member we can put a note that says that a Member is someone who's

attended bbb meet for 2 timees  AND  is Part of the Whatsapp Group chat

(We can even have an option where after this form/process is filled. We submit it to the db right? the stats updated, api's fetched bla bla? If it detects that a attendee has come to bbb for 2 or more times. it will say to the presenter something along the lines "Hey, x attended BBB for y times, should we make them as a bbb member? ") this notificatiion information shall be cutsey notification with an animation and a mascot?)

ofcourse we can't automate if a mere member name is present in whatsapp but the presenter will know it beforehand

Therefore if Member option is selected the place in which the members drop down menu there'll instead be a name field where the presenter can put their names.

2. Book Details

i) book name

ii) Author name

iii) Then using goodreads api we locate the book and based upon which we autofill the ISBN number, published date and Genre of the book

speaking which; despite the goodreads api doing all this; we can still allow the user to change the details in the populated fields even if the data doesn't match or fit the goodreads api.

Future plan or immediate next plan if it works:
So we usually ask in either whatsapp or a social media site for people to sign up a google form to register for a meet.
So we can just sync up with the google forms to populate some of the fields not within this form/process but beforehand. Like sort of a menu card that shows hey, x number of people registered for the bbb meet of [date] and it will show the full list of people who's attending.

Now after this is showed. Behind the scenes it will compute with known members and the newly joined attendees. So in the same report it will show x new attendees are coming for this meet with their names in the next sentence if this is a new atendee name fresh (not even 2nd time registration)

Then it will show the "X Rejoiners have come" i.e people who attended one meet and then this is their second meet.
